Japan and as a result we all have
cheaper better products so for investors
at least from what I'm observing if I
were an investor I think about being in
both camps if I can to the extent
possible because there'll be some that
will be successful on China and the
and you just don't know. You don't know
which one because both have its
respective advantages. But it's also on
a more sanguine note, it's also less
likely that they're going to converge um
uh rather than move in parallel. Thanks
for sitting down with us and discuss all
those interesting issues today. Hope to
see you again in the near future.
Thanks.
Thank you for joining us for this
episode of Perspectives. Make sure
you're subscribed to HSBC Global
Viewpoint to stay connected.
[Music]